Dear Professional ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 64 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 150% . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Delaware tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Business person , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge announcement ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 3 
; Section 306 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 68 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you increase customer response by 140% & process 
your orders within seconds . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Pennsylvania tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Thanks . 